docs: intro sentence for date-dropdown (#1605)
siemens/ix: packages/documentation/docs/controls/kpi.md

import Playground from '@site/src/components/PlaygroundV3';

# KPI
<!-- introduction start -->

> KPIs display measured values together with a status to help the user make better decisions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
KPIs display measured values together with a status indicator to help users interpret data.
```
